Sepolia (Beta 2) Releases (#2045)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/util/CHANGELOG.md

(modification: no type change headlines) and this project adheres to
[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 8.0.0-beta.2 - 2022-07-15

Beta 2 release for the upcoming breaking release round on the [EthereumJS monorepo](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo) libraries, see the Beta 1 release notes ([CHANGELOG](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/blob/master/packages/util/CHANGELOG.md)) for the main change set description.

### Removed Default Exports

> The change with the biggest effect on UX since the last Beta 1 releases is for sure that we have removed default exports all accross the monorepo, see PR [#2018](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2018), we even now added a new linting rule that completely dissalows using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The change with the biggest effect on UX since the last Beta 1 releases is for sure that we have removed default exports all accross the monorepo, see PR [#2018](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/pull/2018), we even now added a new linting rule that completely disallows using.
```

Default exports were a common source of error and confusion when using our libraries in a CommonJS context, leading to issues like Issue [#978](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo/issues/978).

> Now every import is a named import and we think the long term benefits will very much outweight the one-time hazzle of some import adoptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now every import is a named import and we think the long term benefits will very much outweigh the one-time hassle of some import adoptions.
```

> The Util library itself has no imports change along this update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Util library itself has no import changes along this update.
```
